Pyramiden-Geometrie und Kosmische Konstanten
Researching websites
en.wikipedia.org
Causal dynamical triangulation - Wikipedia
arxiv.org
Landau Theory of Causal Dynamical Triangulations - arXiv
en.wikipedia.org
Loop quantum gravity - Wikipedia
arxiv.org
Spinfoam Models for Quantum Gravity: Overview - arXiv
eyeofheaven.medium.com
There is More Space in Each Star as There is in All of Space Itself: Part 1, Visualising the Fourth Dimension
golem.ph.utexas.edu
Causality in Discrete Models of Spacetime | The n-Category Café
preprints.org
A Combinatorial–Geometric Derivation of the Fine-Structure Constant from Inner-Time Projection Dynamics in the Duality of Time - Preprints.org
en.wikipedia.org
Tetrahedron - Wikipedia
ctralie.com
The Tetrahedron and 109.5 Degrees - Chris Tralie
pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
The Newtonian constant of gravitation—a constant too difficult to measure? An introduction - PMC - PubMed Central
en.wikipedia.org
arxiv.org
[2409.12206] Geometry-Information Duality: Quantum Entanglement Contributions to Gravitational Dynamics - arXiv
preprints.org
Complete Theory of Simplicial Discrete Informational Spacetime: Towards a Predictive and Testable Theory of Quantum Spacetime - Preprints.org
math.uchicago.edu
A Concise Course in Algebraic Topology J. P. May - The University of Chicago
journals.plos.org
Emergence of Protein Fold Families through Rational Design | PLOS Computational Biology
quantamagazine.org
Origami Patterns Solve a Major Physics Riddle - Quanta Magazine
zenodo.org
Geometric Unity Theory: a Novel Approach to Quantum Gravity Through Four-Dimensional Möbius Strip Geometry - Zenodo
en.wikipedia.org
Golden ratio - Wikipedia
pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
Packing, tiling, and covering with tetrahedra - PMC - NIH
condmatjclub.org
Conformal bootstrap and the λ-point specific heat experimental anomaly - Journal Club for Condensed Matter Physics
gmpsop.com
Potential Critical Packaging Process Parameters and Validation Practices - GMP SOP
researchgate.net
Approximant path and its spectrum for the 1D diagonal model (1) with an... - ResearchGate
arxiv.org
Quantum Metric Enhancement and Hierarchical Scaling in One-Dimensional Quasiperiodic Systems - arXiv
en.wikipedia.org
Big Bounce - Wikipedia
arxiv.org
[2401.08269] Spontaneous collapse models lead to the emergence of classicality of the Universe - arXiv
tsijournals.com
The Big Bang Never Happened: A Conclusive Argument - TSI Journals
reddit.com
What if instead of a Big Bang, the Universe started as a Big Collapse? The Higgs field didn't just generate particles, it dumped its entire potential energy into reality? : r/HypotheticalPhysics - Reddit
astro.rug.nl
Geometry and Morphology of the Cosmic Web: Analyzing Spatial Patterns in the Universe
astro.rug.nl
The Cosmic Web: Geometric Analysis
en.wikipedia.org
Fine-structure constant - Wikipedia
pajuhaan.medium.com
It's the Answer of Alpha's Origin(The fine-structure constant 1/137) — The biggest Mystery in Physics - M. Pajuhaan
medium.com
The Geometric Necessity of the Fine Structure Constant: Why Physics Got It Wrong for 100+ Years | by David (Destroyer of Babel) Aranovsky | Medium
reddit.com
Is Eric Weinstein a charlatan? : r/AskPhysics - Reddit
mathoverflow.net
How to compare different type of simplicial complex? - MathOverflow
math.mit.edu
SIMPLICIAL METHODS IN ALGEBRA AND ALGEBRAIC GEOMETRY Contents 1. Model categories 4 1.1. Definitions 4 1.2. Homotopy category 5 - MIT Mathematics
link.aps.org
Coupled dark energy and dark matter from dilatation anomaly | Phys. Rev. D
kavlifoundation.org
A Cosmic Twofer: “Early” Dark Energy Could Explain Anomalous Galaxies and the Universe's Disjointed Expansion Rate - Kavli Foundation
mdpi.com
A Ternary Model for Particle Packing Optimization - MDPI
reddit.com
ELI5: Why is sphere packing in higher dimensions more efficient than in 3 dimensions?
physicstoday.aip.org
Geometrical frustration - Physics Today
pubs.rsc.org
Frustrated packing in a granular system under geometrical confinement - Soft Matter (RSC Publishing)
quantumgravityresearch.org
Emergence Theory Overview - Quantum Gravity Research
youtube.com
Klee Irwin - The Tetrahedron - YouTube
youtube.com
Geometric Quantization: The Bridge from Classical to Quantum | Eva Miranda - YouTube
solvayinstitutes.be
The Quantum Structure of Space and Time (293 pages) - Solvay Institutes
en.wikipedia.org
Quantum gravity - Wikipedia
researchgate.net
Quantum Gravity Theorem. A Topological-Geometric Unification of Quantum Mechanics and General Relativity - ResearchGate
